Processor
- Converts inputs into outputs
- Always expressed as quantity over time, never total quantity

Recipe
- A template consisting of inputs and outputs

Ingredient
- A part of a recipe consisting of a single resource and quantity pair

Dynamic Ingredient
- An ingredient who's quantity can vary based on vessel location, etc.

Job
- An instantiation of a recipe that includes endpoints for all ingredients

Pool
- The endpoints used in a job.  Jobs may only tie to pools within physics range.

Transporter
- A special processor that can establish endpoints to any pool within an SOI.
- Transporters are based on the establishment of Routes.

Route
- A corridor between two Transporters.  The cost of a Route is based on the location and SOI of the transporters.

Infrastructure
- Special ingredients tied to a planet or moon.  These have no physical manifestation, but instead serve as a pool usable within a given SOI. 
- A transporter is still required to move allocations between infrastructure and an alternate pool.

Design Notes and Limitations
Pooling is locked in and not something you can easily turn on and off.
Turning off pooling, etc. requires a reverse cascade.  i.e. to disable a job that feeds a pool, it can't have open obligations.  
Breaking these obligations (i.e. by vessel destruction) will immediately sever the bonds, potentially resulting in a cascade of
failures.  

Since all aspects, from crew to power to resources, are driven by these promises (even solar power requires a stable orbit), this reverse
cascade of commitments makes sense, and is a core feature of the system - i.e. this represents stable infrastructure.

Pool Availability:
If a vessel is landed, pools can be either tied to the vessel directly, or in physics range.
If a vessel is in orbit, the pool must be physically attached.

Processors:
A part may only have a single processor module.

Part Modules:
ModuleQMProcessor
ModuleQMTransporter
ModuleQMPool

TODO:  Unit Tests around resource cascades
TODO:  Check that the original pool is available
TODO:  Route Cost, fixed cost to expand as well as ongoing cost (LFO)
TODO:  Routes are one way!

Acronym:

W.O.L.F.  
(Warehousing and Orbital Logistics Framework)